Updating Docs (#3923)
rapidsai/cugraph: docs/cugraph/source/index.rst

RAPIDS Graph documentation
==========================
.. image:: images/cugraph_logo_2.png
   :width: 600

*Making graph analytics fast and easy regardless of scale*

.. list-table:: RAPIDS Graph covers a range of graph libraries and packages, that includes:
   :widths: 25 25 25
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Core
     - GNNß
     - Extension

>    * - :abbr:`cugraph (Heavy-weight Python wrapper with lot of guard rails)`

Reviewer: minor typo, but the bigger feedback is that IMO "heavy-weight" has bad connotations, do we want to use that?
```suggestion
   * - :abbr:`cugraph (Python wrapper with lots of guard rails)`
```

Author: fixed

     - :abbr:`cugraph-ops (GPU-accelerated GNN aggregators and operators)`
     - :abbr:`cugraph-service (Graph-as-a-service provides both Client and Server packages)`

>    * - :abbr:`pylibcugraph (light-weight Python wrapper no guard rails)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - :abbr:`pylibcugraph (light-weight Python wrapper with no guard rails)`
```

Author: fixed
